\input texinfo    @c -*- texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename org-trello.info
@settitle org-trello Manual
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@documentdescription
Sync Emacs org-mode with Trello.com.
@end documentdescription
@c %**end of header

@copying
This is the org-trello Manual, edition 0.8.1.a, released 2019-01-30,
written and copyright ©2019 by Daniel Birket.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled GNU
Free Documentation License.

@end quotation

This manaul describes how to install and use the Emacs package
org-trello, version 0.8.1, released 2018-03-18,
written and copyright ©2013-2017 by Antoine Dumont,
to synchronize org-mode TO-DO lists with @uref{https://trello.com, Trello.com}.

This manual was written with reference to the org-trello source-code,
which begins with this license and non-warranty statement:

@lisp
;;; org-trello.el 
;; Minor mode to synchronize org-mode buffer and trello board

;; Copyright (C) 2013-2017 by Antoine R. Dumont (@@ardumont) 
;; Author: Antoine R. Dumont <antoine.romain.dumont@@gmail.com>
;; Maintainer: Antoine R. Dumont

;; Version: 0.8.1
;; URL: https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello

;; This file is NOT part of GNU Emacs.

;; This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
;; it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
;; the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)
;; any later version.
;;
;; This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
;; but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
;; MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
;; GNU General Public License for more details.
@end lisp
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* org-trello.           Sync Emacs org-mode with Trello.com.
@end direntry

@finalout
@titlepage
@title org-trello Manual
@subtitle Sync Emacs org-mode with Trello.com.
@author Manual by Daniel Birket
@author Package by Antoine R. Dumont
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top org-trello Manual

Sync Emacs org-mode with Trello.com.

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Installing::                   Installing org-trello
* Connecting::                   Connecting to Trello.com
* Using::                        Using org-trello
* FAQ::                          Frequently-Asked Questions
* Troubleshooting::              Troubleshooting org-trello
* Customizing::                  Customizing org-trello
* Contributing::                 Contributing to org-trello
* Credits::                      Contributor Credits
* GNU GPL::                      GNU General Public License
* GNU FDL::                      GNU Free Documentation License
* Concepts::                     Concepts Index
* Keys::                         Key Bindings Index
* Functions::                    Functions Index
* Variables::                    Variables Index
* Releases::                     Release Notes History

@detailmenu
--- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Using

* Key-Bindings::                 Summary of Key-Bindings
* Connection Functions::         Connection Functions
* Synchronization Functions::    Synchronization Functions
* Editing Functions::            Editing Functions
* Misc. Functions: Misc Functions.  Miscellaneous Functions

Customizing

* Prefix Keys::                  Customizing the Prefixx Keybinding
* Individual Keys::              Customizing Individual Key Bindings

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@node Installing
@chapter Installing org-trello

@cindex org-trello, installing
Installing…

@node Connecting
@chapter Connecting to Trello.com

@cindex trello.com, connecting
Connecting…

@node Using
@chapter Using org-trello

@cindex org-trello, using
This section describes how to use org-trello after connecting an
org-file to a board of Trello.com.

@menu
* Key-Bindings::                 Summary of Key-Bindings
* Connection Functions::         Connection Functions
* Synchronization Functions::    Synchronization Functions
* Editing Functions::            Editing Functions
* Misc. Functions: Misc Functions.  Miscellaneous Functions
@end menu

@node Key-Bindings
@section Summary of Key-Bindings

All default org-trello key-bindings use the “C-c o” prefix.

@kindex C-c o C-h
@emph{Note:} You may type “C-c o C-h” to display help for most org-trello
key bindings.

@multitable {aaaaaaaaa} {aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa}
@headitem Keys
@tab Command
@item C-c o C-h
@tab Display help on all key-bindings with C-c o prefix.
@item C-c o v
@tab Display the version of org-trello.
@item C-c o i
@tab Install the Trello.com access key and token.
@item C-c o I
@tab Select an existing Trello board and attach this file to it.
@item C-c o b
@tab Create a new Trello board and attach this file to it.
@item C-c o u
@tab Update this file’s attachment to its Trello board.
@item 
@tab 
@end multitable

@node Connection Functions
@section Connection Functions

This section describes the functions used to connect org-trello to
Trello.com and to attach an org file to a Trello board.

@node Synchronization Functions
@section Synchronization Functions

This section describes the synchronization functions.

@kindex C-c o s
@kindex C-u C-c o s
@ftable @code
@item org-trello-sync-buffer
Type “C-c o s” to sync the entire buffer TO the Trello board.@*
Type “C-u C-c o s” to sync the entire buffer FROM the Trello board.
@end ftable

@node Editing Functions
@section Editing Functions

This section describes the functions used to edit cards, comments and
list items.

@node Misc Functions
@section Misc. Functions

This section describes other functions not listed above.

@node FAQ
@chapter Frequently-Asked Questions

@cindex FAQ
FAQ…

@node Troubleshooting
@chapter Troubleshooting org-trello

@cindex troubleshooting
@cindex errors
Troubleshooting…

@node Customizing
@chapter Customizing org-trello

@cindex customizing
This section describes how you may customize org-trello.

@menu
* Prefix Keys::                  Customizing the Prefixx Keybinding
* Individual Keys::              Customizing Individual Key Bindings
@end menu

@node Prefix Keys
@section Customizing the Prefix Keybinding

@vindex org-trello-current-prefix-keybinding
By default, org-trello uses the prefix keybinding “C-c o” to begin
(almost) all of its commands. You may change this by customizing the
variable “org-trello-current-prefix-keybinding”.

To customize “org-trello-current-prefix-keybinding”, type “C-h v
org-trello-current-prefix-keybinding RET” to display the help text for this
variable. Then follow the “customize” link on the last line. You
may then use the customize interface to set another prefix keybinding.

@emph{Note:} If org-trello is already running, you must restart emacs after
customizing this variable (or run “M-x org-trello-mode” - @emph{twice}).

You may also change this setting in your emacs initialization file.
For example, to change the org-trello prefix keybinding to “C-c x” add
these lines to your ~/.emacs (or ~/.emacs.d/.init.el) file:

@lisp
(require 'org-trello)
(custom-set-variables '(org-trello-current-prefix-keybinding "C-c x"))
@end lisp

For an example, please see my @uref{https://github.com/ardumont/orgmode-pack/blob/master/orgmode-pack.el#L57, startup file}.

@node Individual Keys
@section Customizing Individual Key Bindings

@vindex org-trello-mode-map
To redefine one or more org-trello-mode keys, you should create a
function to define keys in the org-trello-mode-map and hook your
function to the org-trello-mode-hook. This will make org-trello run
your function each time it starts.

@lisp
(require 'org-trello)

(defun def-my-org-trello-keys () "Define my org-trello keys."
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x v") 'org-trello-version)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x i") 'org-trello-install-key-and-token)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x I") 'org-trello-install-board-metadata)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x c") 'org-trello-sync-card)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x s") 'org-trello-sync-buffer)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x a") 'org-trello-assign-me)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x d") 'org-trello-check-setup)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x D") 'org-trello-delete-setup)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x b") 'org-trello-create-board-and-install-metadata)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x k") 'org-trello-kill-entity)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x K") 'org-trello-kill-cards)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x a") 'org-trello-archive-card)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x A") 'org-trello-archive-cards)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x j") 'org-trello-jump-to-trello-card)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x J") 'org-trello-jump-to-trello-board)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x C") 'org-trello-add-card-comments)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x o") 'org-trello-show-card-comments)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x l") 'org-trello-show-card-labels)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x u") 'org-trello-update-board-metadata)
  (define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c x h") 'org-trello-help-describing-bindings))

(add-hook 'org-trello-mode-hook 'def-my-org-trello-keys)
@end lisp

@emph{Note:} This will not update the help messages to match your
key-bindings nor remove the default keybindings.

You may add several lines like this one to your hook function to
remove specific existing org-trello keybindings:

@lisp
(define-key org-trello-mode-map (kbd "C-c o v") nil)
@end lisp

@node Contributing
@chapter Contributing to org-trello

@cindex contributing
Contributing…

@node Credits
@appendix Contributor Credits

@cindex credits
@cindex contributors

Many thanks to all the @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/graphs/contributors, contributors} to org-trello, including:

@table @asis
@item @uref{https://github.com/dtebbs, @@dtebbs}       
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/pull/173, PR - fix on the card description}
@item @uref{https://github.com/jasom, @@jasom}        
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/pull/175, PR - improvements on the trello card's description rendering}.
@item @uref{https://github.com/nicferrier, @@nicferrier}   
@uref{http://marmalade-repo.org/, marmalade}, @uref{https://github.com/nicferrier/elnode, elnode}, @uref{http://nic.ferrier.me.uk/blog/2012_07/emacs-packages-for-programmers, emacs clean install}@dots{}
@item @uref{https://twitter.com/nicolas_roche, @@nicolas_roche}
logo and the multiple suggestions regarding the web design part.
@item @uref{https://twitter.com/nmassyl, @@nmassyl}      
multiple exchanges on design and functionalities.
@item @uref{https://github.com/purcell, @@purcell}      
various discussions, suggestions regarding packaging on @uref{http://melpa.milkbox.net/, Melpa}
@item @uref{https://github.com/puzan, @@puzan}        
org-trello's el-get recipe
@end table

and thanks to all those that opened @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues, issues} or @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/pulls, pull requests}.

Also, thank you to the entire free-software community world-wide, including the
creators and contributors of Emacs and org-mode.

@node GNU GPL
@appendix GNU General Public License

@cindex license, software
@include gpl.texi

@node GNU FDL
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@cindex license, manual
@include fdl.texi

@node Concepts
@appendix Concepts Index

@printindex cp

@node Keys
@appendix Key Binding Index

@printindex ky

@node Functions
@appendix Functions Index

@printindex fn

@node Variables
@appendix Variables Index

@printindex vr

@node Releases
@appendix Release Notes

@cindex release notes
@cindex version history
This appendix records the primary changes in each release of
org-trello. Please see the @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello, repository} on GitHub for a more detailed
history.

@itemize
@item
Release 0.8.1
@itemize
@item
Make adding trello colors to @samp{org-tag-alist} optional - Close #365
@item
Fix typo in link to issue tracker - Close #364
@item
Fix ci
@item
Fix user properties search in agenda view - Close #366 - Close
#371
@item
Correct bad encoding of json encoded data.
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.8.0
@itemize
@item
Update travis ci configuration
@item
Fix ci's multiple problems
@item
Fix some emacs25 incompatibilities
@item
Add copyright headers + update copyright range
@item
Add 'kill-whole-line in bug report
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.9
@itemize
@item
Fix problem with custom kill-whole-line properties - Close #270
@item
Fix problem with scheduled deadline - Close #326
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.8
@itemize
@item
Fix cyrillic encoding problem - Close #318 #270
@item
Update version
@item
Sign tag release
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.7
@itemize
@item
Rework packaging problem
@item
Add issue/pr templates
@item
Add request-backend to the org-trello-bug-report
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.6
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Support unicode characters in sync - Close #307 Close #309
@item
Fix parsing username comments - Close #301
@item
Fix parsing timestamp in superior emacs (api change)
@item
Update travis-ci scripts to use the new travis infrastructure
@item
fix broken tests (mock.el unit test library revealed broken tests)
@item
Fix problem with org-latex-preview when computing checksums -
Close #303
@item
Do not permit empty login when installing access key and token -
Close #314
@item
Upgrade dependencies version
@item
Pb with labels-tags regarding the grey - Close #310
@item
Improve documentation about the setup account - #306
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.5
@itemize
@item
#290 - Toggling users assignments to card
@item
Add binding @samp{C-c o t} for the toggling command (code, doc, etc@dots{})
@item
#293 - Add a basic user driven completing mechanism (default ido,
possibility to use helm@dots{})
@item
#291 - Improve labels policy [4/4]

@itemize
@item
Update api to retrieve more labels
@item
Unify board information retrieval
@item
Update show board labels with the new colors
@item
Fix what went wrong (install existing board + create new one)
@end itemize

@item
Open a command to clean org-trello data in buffer
@item
Close board command
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.4
@itemize
@item
Improve release script + fix typo
@item
Update version
@item
Coverage [10/10]

@itemize
@item
stats-coverage.org for statistics (+ travis-ci/coverage.io)
@item
Fix bug on org-trello-log namespace + org-trello-log
@item
org-trello-input
@item
org-trello-query
@item
org-trello-proxy
@item
org-trello-buffer
@item
org-trello-controller
@item
org-trello-data
@item
org-trello-hash
@item
org-trello
@end itemize

@item
#283 - Toggle assign me action
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.3
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Close #277 - Improve date time policy conversion
@item
Improve release + upload to marmalade scripts
@item
Fix flycheck warnings
@item
Some refactoring
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.2
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Close #276 - Markdown rendering in comments
@item
Add test coverage
@item
[internal] Full respect elisp convention
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.1
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Close #272 - Use native completion mechanism
@item
Close #273 - Fix labels when installing board
@item
Close #271 - Make a user option for user to decide the policy
about checksum and position
@item
Use improved native completin mechanism (again)
@item
Close #274 - Add @samp{M-x org-trello-bug-report} command
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.7.0
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Close #238 - [internal] Respect elisp coding conventions [2/2]

@itemize
@item
Rename constants + variables
@item
Rename entry points according to conventions + alias old
definitions for backward compatibility
@end itemize

@item
Close #239 - Migrate ~/.trello/config.el inside
user-emacs-directory
@item
Close #256 - one user can have multiple trello accounts [4/4]

@itemize
@item
Migrate the actual setup to the multi-account setup (transparent
for user)
@item
Update @samp{org-trello-install-key-and-token} command to create the
account setup
@item
Update the loading configuration mechanism multi-account aware
@item
Make sure initializing org-trello account is ok
@end itemize

@item
Close #267 - Emptying card's description does not work
@item
Remove too much verbosity (when deleting property checksum)
@item
Close #250 - Changing order of checklist items not saved unless
checklist item's text changed
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.9.6
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Fix #261 - Modifying/Adding labels ok, removing labels completely
ko
@item
Fix #262 - Mix between user ids and user name when assigning card
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.9.5
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Fix marmalade's release.sh script
@item
Fix #255 regarding the org tags/trello labels
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.9.4
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Fix @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/252}
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.9.3
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Problem in first comment point computation - Close #242
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.9.2
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Clean dead code regarding old comments system
@item
Fix bug regarding comments indentation (breaking org rendering)
@item
Fix bug regarding empty card and next card indentation (breaking
org rendering)
@item
Fix compile log warning about orgtrello-buffer depending on
orgtrello-controller (wrong)
@item
Update README-dev.md
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.9.1
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Fix region computation problem regarding comments -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/232}
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.9
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Fix #+property keyword to #+PROPERTY - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/234}
@item
Fix missing line on future org-mode 8.3 - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/232}
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.8
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Edit comment direct in buffer - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/221}
@item
Open binding @samp{C-c o U} for @samp{sync a comment} action
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.7
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Improve/Refactor the comment deletion
@item
Fix @samp{orgtrello-buffer/pop-up-with-content!}
@item
Improve comment creation - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/222} [2/2]

@itemize
@item
Add checksum to the comments
@item
Improve comment creation
@end itemize

@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.6
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Delete comments - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/222}
@item
Clean no longer used show comments commands + install the delete
comment command
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.5
@itemize
@item
Create backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Maintenance - Revert tests back to ert-deftest to have more
explicit error outputs
@item
Fix unit tests
@item
Fix CI which does not break when failure or error.
@item
Format user's comments in a readable format -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/218} [2/2]

@itemize
@item
Update the comment's format according to
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/218#issue-48750430}
@item
Update the @samp{org-trello/add-card-comment} command to improve
creating comment
@end itemize

@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.4
@itemize
@item
Minor change to allow abbreviated file path -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/pull/213}
@item
Update version
@item
Move file list functionality to org-trello.el - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/214}
@item
Add ;;;### autoload for the org-trello's default commands
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.3
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
Enable org-trello mode automatically for certain files -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/210}
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.2
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Improve check connection to trello
@item
Improve documentation about the org-trello setup
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.1
@itemize
@item
Update version
@item
@samp{Trello archived} cards are not archived on org-trello buffers -
CLOSE @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/203}
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.6.0
@itemize
@item
Refactor - Unify data structure between trello card and org-trello
card
@item
Refactor - Improve merge computations
@item
Refactor - Remove some dead code
@item
Update version
@item
Improve sync request policy -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/58} [87%]

@itemize
@item
'Sync card to trello' syncs card only if local changes
@item
'Sync card from trello' updates the card from trello and the
local checksum signature
@item
'Sync buffer from trello' updates the local card checksum
@item
'Sync buffer to trello' syncs only card with local changes
@item
'Delete entity' updates the checksum
@item
Extend the checksum system to the checkbox entities
(checklist/item) - sync to trello
@item
Extend the checksum system to the checkbox entities
(checklist/item) - sync from trello
@item
Update checksum computation depending on entities
@end itemize

@item
@samp{Checklists don't work for me} - It does work - Need to improve
checklist and item predicates. - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/204}

@itemize
@item
Fix behavior
@item
Fix tests
@end itemize

@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.9
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Improve region card computation for sync card from trello.
@item
Fix error on sync card from trello when nothing to sync.
@item
Use defcustom instead of defvar for user customisation - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/196, #196}
@item
When not in card, explain why you cannot do the current action
@item
Improve display of error when sync a card without title
@item
Check package installation and fix what's needed
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.8
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Add emacs24 dependencies -
@uref{https://github.com/purcell/org-trello/commit/0fef27e83d5b1c68af03213354ddd97448c802d2}
@itemize
@item
@end itemize
@uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/elisp/Library-Headers.html#Library-Headers}
@itemize
@item
@end itemize
@uref{http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16805645/how-can-i-gracefully-drop-support-for-older-emacsen-in-my-elisp-package}
@item
Downgrade request dependency to 0.3.1 to make org-trello
installation possible in melpa-stable (no answer from @samp{request}
maintainer) + @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/195}
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.7
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Fix default keyword when not specified (trello list name) -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/183, #183}
@item
Remove reference to proxy in log messages
@item
Sync buffer from trello - Ignore errors when there is nothing to
sort.
@item
Sync buffer from trello - Fold buffer entries when done.
@item
Fix bug on (orgtrello-entity/compute-card-region!)
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.6
@itemize
@item
backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Use save-excursion - save-restriction - narrow-to-region instead
of using region
@item
Fix behavior orgtrello-buffer/end-of-line! When going to end of
line in checkbox, we need to do it twice, fix.
@item
Small refactoring about overlays
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.5
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Update version
@item
Update main github's readme to static link to the main
documentation site.
@item
Update bindings order to regroup them
@item
Add bindings for archiving cards @samp{C-c o A}
@item
Remove old bindings @samp{C-c o C} that synced the card.
@item
Update bindings @samp{C-c o A} to add comments to the card to @samp{C-c o A}
@item
Update bindings to show comments as @samp{C-u C-c o A} and remove the
old one @samp{C-c o o}
@item
Check everything is ok from test point of view
@item
Fix Synchronization problem - #183
@item
Some refactoring to reduce multiple buffer readings
@item
Check package installation
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.4
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Archive cards - CLOSE #181

@itemize
@item
Open trello api about (un)archive card
@item
Refactor API to factorize behavior
@item
Install org-trello archive binding [100%]

@itemize
@item
Archive card interactive command
@item
Ensure sync-from trello does not retrieve archive cards too
@item
Remap org's default archive binding @samp{C-c $} to use
org-trello's
@item
Functional checks before executing archive
@item
Add Archive DONE cards interactive command
@end itemize
@end itemize

@item
Fix @samp{Most actions not working} issue - CLOSE #192
@item
Update version
@item
Fix compilation warning(s)
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.3
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Emacs blocks when sync - CLOSE #164 - Deferred the sync/delete
actions [100%]

@itemize
@item
Align execution of code regarding [100%]

@itemize
@item
Sync to
@item
Sync from
@item
Delete
@end itemize

@item
Render the execution asynchronous [100%]

@itemize
@item
Delete
@item
Sync card to trello
@item
Sync buffer to trello
@item
Sync card from trello
@item
Sync buffer from trello
@end itemize

@item
Fix alignment problem (sync a card from trello must enforce
order on position)
@item
Remove dead code
@item
Refactor behavior between sync card and sync buffer [100%]

@itemize
@item
Refactor behavior
@item
Refactor names
@end itemize

@item
Trigger save after sync action - cannot do this because all
requests are asynchronous. So emacs will do it on his own.
@item
Caret must remain where it stands after @samp{sync from card} action
@item
Fix - Keep the order when synchronizing the buffer
@item
Improve orgtrello-controller/do-install-key-and-token
@item
Improve org-trello/install-board-and-lists-ids [100%]

@itemize
@item
Let trello do the filtering on listing the boards
@item
Resequence the actions and use parallel requests to improve
speed
@item
Improve some more regarding the sequencing
@end itemize

@item
Improve org-trello/update-board-metadata [100%]

@itemize
@item
Rework the sequencing
@item
Remove intermediary sync request
@end itemize

@item
Clean new dead code
@item
Improve orgtrello-controller/do-create-board-and-lists [100%]

@itemize
@item
Rename org-trello/create-board to
org-trello/create-board-and-install-metadata
@item
Resequence the trello requests
@item
Clean up some dead code
@end itemize
@end itemize

@item
Fix caret movement problem (At the end of an action, the caret
must be at the same position as before)
@item
Improve logging system to prefix org-trello message with
'org-trello -'
@item
Fix create board issue (regarding org keyword list + order +
closing list)
@item
Rename org-trello/install-board-and-lists to
org-trello/install-board-metadata
@item
Rename org-trello/jump-to-card to org-trello/jump-to-trello-card
@item
Update package doc installation in org-trello.el
@item
Check package dependencies and adapt them if need be
@item
Fix problem with org-trello/end-of-line! when there is no org
information at point
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.2
@itemize
@item
Remove org-trello's over engineered bricks (proxy, elnode,
webadmin) -> this will render it synchronous again. [100%]

@itemize
@item
Is proxy useful since emacs still blocks? -> The only thing
interesting seems to be the ability to watch running actions. As no
one seem to care about it, we can remove it.
@item
Can't we simply use 'deferred (or 'async library) to defer
computations? -> Yes, building actions (sync, delete) as 'lazy' list
(macro) of deferred computations.
@item
What about concurrency then? There will be indeed possibilities
of concurrent requests.
@item
What about race conditions then? We need to find a way to
compose deferred computations ->
@uref{https://github.com/kiwanami/emacs-deferred, deferred} seems able
to do so
@item
Remove db dependency
@item
Remove elnode dependency
@item
Remove esxml dependency
@item
Remove orgtrello-db.el
@item
Remove orgtrello-webadmin.el
@item
Remove orgtrello-elnode.el
@item
Remove orgtrello-server.el
@item
Clean orgtrello-proxy.el up
@item
Get back to synchronous query (sync to + delete)
@item
Get back to synchronous query for sync from trello routines
@item
Clean load-org-trello.el up
@item
Update README-dev.md about namespace removal
@item
Fix loading of load-org-trello.el code
@item
Clean tests up
@item
Update org-trello package
@end itemize

@item
Fix bug regarding sync-entity and structure (apparently, there is
a bad limit computation and this syncs the all buffer)
@item
Fix save buffer at the end of the sync actions
@item
Clean README-dev.md about marmalade
@item
Update dependencies version
@item
Now that elnode, esxml, db dependencies' are out of the way,
org-trello can be fully built on melpa-stable.
@item
Update version
@item
Clean dead code
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.1
@itemize
@item
Remove marmalade remains (release.sh + Makefile)
@item
Small refactoring of the main contract
@item
Fix bad code (typo caddr)
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.5.0
@itemize
@item
Revert 0.4.9 #187 which introduced regressions
#186#issuecomment-52423783 and maybe #185
@item
Retrieve interesting code from 0.4.9 (for example, start proxy
during actions if stopped and warn about it, etc@dots{})
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.9
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Emacs blocks when sync - #164

@itemize
@item
deferred dependency - 0.3.1 chosen because it's the common
denominator between marmalade and melpa
@item
Render the data request consumer asynchoneous
@item
@dots{} emacs still blocks though@dots{}
@end itemize

@item
Sometimes the proxy seems to not be started (which is a mess), add
a check on the running proxy before doing anything. - #180
@item
During the check of the proxy, if not started, try to start it.
@item
Update version
@item
No longer deliver to marmalade (too much work)
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.8
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
mad caret syndrom - Close #177

@itemize
@item
mad caret - fix sync to
@item
mad caret - the caret does not move even when sync computation
takes place
@item
mad caret - fix sync from
@end itemize

@item
Upgrade version
@item
Update release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.7
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Improve the description management in org and trello - #89 #175
@item
Revert to the block json-encode-hash-table
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Update release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.6
@itemize
@item
Prepare Backlog
@item
Fix - CLOSE @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/172}
@item
Fix - prelude does some monkey-patching on json-encode-hash-table
which is used by org-trello - reimplement this function
@item
CI is broken again - Try to find a solution
@item
Update version
@item
Update release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.5
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
'Sync from trello' must preserve unknown data card in drawer -
CLOSE #167

@itemize
@item
Extract unknown information and store them in org entity
representation
@item
Ensure those data transit back in trello data when merging
@item
Write back those unknown information in the sync from trello
@end itemize

@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.4
@itemize
@item
Multiple files packaging - CLOSE #163

@itemize
@item
Move src/*.el files to /org-trello
@item
Add 'provide statements for each of those files
@item
Rework header + org-trello + footer files
@item
Adapt main org-trello.el files to reference the needed
namespaces
@item
Adapt test files so that it continues to work (add the needed
require statements)
@item
Adapt loading code routine for developing + testing
@item
Refactoring step - rename some files to avoid confusion
@item
Adapt README-dev.md to the current code adaptation
@item
Adapt cask packaging
@item
Add missing standard header to namespace
@item
Does org-trello still compiles? NO
@item
Fix simple compilation warnings
@item
Fix some more warnings
@item
Does org-trello's test work? YES
@item
Does org-trello work? NO
@item
Doc - Update docstring to standard emacs convention
@item
Fix org-trello to make it work again
@item
Test package melpa install (adapt org-trello recipe and test M-x
package-install-file) -
@uref{https://github.com/ardumont/melpa/blob/org-trello-with-multiple-files-packaging/recipes/org-trello}
@item
Test package marmalade install
@end itemize

@item
Fix org-trello behavior with overlay on org-return and
org-ctrl-c-ret
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.3
@itemize
@item
Prepare backlog
@item
Replace local back-end (file implementation) with a RAM database
[100%]
@item
Update README-dev.md about the new db namespace
@item
Remove some useless new code
@item
Improve start/stop server policy (one server may sync multiple
buffers/boards@dots{} and right now, not really taken into account)
@item
Clean dead code from the implementation switch from implicit disk
files db to RAM db [100%]
@item
Improve start/stop server policy 2
@item
Some Refactoring
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.2
@itemize
@item
Refactoring - Remove dead code
@item
Refactoring - Remove duplicated code already existing in
dependency library
@item
Improve - Fold all entries when sync full file from trello is done
@item
Improve loading org-trello namespaces for dev purposes
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.1.1
@itemize
@item
Remove non interactive commands
@item
Create board does not work - Close #157
@item
Improve loading keys policy - #156
@item
Use cask to make the packaging and remove old personal routines
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.1
@itemize
@item
Fix deadline/description problem - #154
@item
Fix deadline/due date problem - #153
@item
When sync from trello, merge non trello org tags with trello tags
(to avoid loss for the user)
@item
When sync to trello, filter out org tags that will not be
understood by trello (to avoid 400 request from trello)
@item
Add the quick start in the main package description
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.0.1
@itemize
@item
Fix 'Sync doesn't work if org buffer name contains special
characters' - Close #147
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.4.0
@itemize
@item
Refactor
@item
Fix - Close @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/145}
@item
Remove unused dependency
@item
Update README-dev.md
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.9
@itemize
@item
Refactor - Symmetry for all commands where that makes sense
(without C-u/with C-u)
@item
Refactor - Enforce the api request creation usage with the params
as usual
@item
Let trello filter out needless data - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/69}

@itemize
@item
Let trello filter out needless data - get card
@item
Let trello filter out needless data - get checklist
@item
Let trello filter out needless data - get item
@end itemize

@item
Upgrade Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.8
@itemize
@item
Some refactoring

@itemize
@item
Align sync from trello card tags/labels serialization with org's
tags behavior
@item
Refactor open org-trello buffer with title/content
@item
Sanitize functions (move functions to their right namespaces)
@item
Do not override the user's existing tags
@end itemize

@item
Provide org-trello-mode-hook - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/116}
@item
Open stop all synchronization actions - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/131}
@item
Use C-u keychord to create a symmetry use (e.g. =C-c o s= is sync
to trello, @samp{C-u C-c o s} is sync from trello)

@itemize
@item
sync-buffer, sync-to-trello, with C-u, sync-from-trello
@item
assign-me, with C-u, unassign me
@item
A command to 'sync from trello' the current entity without its
structure - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/139}
@item
Use C-u on sync-entity-to-trello command to trigger the
sync-entity-from-trello
@item
A command to 'sync from trello' the current entity and its
structure - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/140}
@item
Use C-u on sync-entity-and-structure-to-trello command to
trigger the sync-entity-and-structure-from-trello
@end itemize

@item
Some more refactoring
@item
Fix bug regarding org keywords which disappeared
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.7
@itemize
@item
Use @samp{defconst} keyword instead of defvar
@item
Use trello labels and org tags as one - CLOSE
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/70}
@item
Refactor + Fix create / connect to board
@item
Update metadata command about the board currently connected
(sometimes, new information arise)
@item
Release notes
@item
Version
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.6.1
@itemize
@item
Fix already used bindings
@item
Fix edge case about adding comments
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.6
@itemize
@item
Test multiple emacs version -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/52}
@item
Add a logo to website -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/129}
@item
Synchronize user comments -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/86}
@item
Add a comment to a card -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/132}
@item
Take control over the test file which is now too big (dispatch in
'namespace' test buffer)
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.5
@itemize
@item
Test multiple emacs version -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/52}
@item
Version
@item
Update documentation note for the package view
@item
Release note
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.4
@itemize
@item
PR fix typo in readme -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/pull/120}
@item
Fix webadmin button to delete running action
@item
Add version emacs 24.3.50 in documentation
@item
Improve computation level for checkbox (checklist/items) -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/121#issuecomment-37559929}
@item
Improve documentation
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.3
@itemize
@item
Issue when installing on melpa reported wrongly on melpa and
reported back @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/117}
@item
Fix typo when-let in -when-let
@item
Remove org as a dependency, the plugins org- do not seem to
declare it + problem in dependency
@item
Upgrade to dash 2.5.0
@item
Clarify the possible manipulation to install the package as a file
or directly from the multiple repository
@item
Integration test to install the file with marmalade
@item
Integration test to install the file with melpa
@item
Integration test to fully install the package on marmalade
@item
Integration test to fully install the package on melpa
@item
Update README-dev.md about those targets
@item
Decline these tests with multiple emacs versions
@item
Use these targets on travis (even if the feedback will be way
longer, it's better than no feedback)
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Ensure org-trello works with emacs 24.4 (how do i install it@dots{})
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.2
@itemize
@item
Use standard remapping to override the org-end-of-line routine -
@uref{https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/elisp/Remapping-Commands.html}
@item
Clean some dead code
@item
Use standard mode map definition for the org-trello bindings
@item
Fix description extract -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/114}
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.1.1
@itemize
@item
Installation failure -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/112}
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.1
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Version
@item
Avoid duplication in declaring the org-trello version
@item
Add the important information about emacs 24.3+ (org-trello is
only supported from this version range)
@item
Clean the code regarding the old checklist/item entities (with
stars) - @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/105}
@item
Sometimes, multiple cards are created more than once. Improve the
proxy policy regarding this - Unable to reproduce so do nothing.
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.3.0
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Upgrade Version
@item
org-trello bindings remains present when org-trello is switched
off. Fix it.
@item
Update doc
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.9.1
@itemize
@item
Forgot to ship code
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.9
@itemize
@item
Remove org-trello.el at the root of the code (as the package
generates this file and the test load without it, no longer needs to
be gitted)
@item
Invisible checkbox identifier -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/98}
@item
Fix sync from trello which loses the state of the checkboxes
@item
Fix tests break since org-trello.el has been destroyed and
simplify the testing
@item
Overload the C-e mapping to go at the end of the line for the
org-trello mode
@item
Update doc
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.8.2
@itemize
@item
Fix yet another error on synchronization from trello.
@item
Update doc
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.8.1
@itemize
@item
Fix error on synchronization from trello
@item
Update doc
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.8
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Synchronize description -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/80}
@item
Use --reduce-from from dash instead of cl-reduce to reduce the cl
deps
@item
Version
@item
Update doc
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.7
@itemize
@item
Backlog
@item
Create TODO template for the backlog start
@item
Clean obsolete files (org-trello.org is no longer maintained,
TODO-tests.org is no longer used)
@item
Retry to split into @samp{namespace} files -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/93}

@itemize
@item
Split into @samp{namespace} files
@item
Ensure packaging is generated and ok for marmalade
@item
Ensure packaging is generated and ok for melpa - yes, ensure
that the root @samp{org-trello.el} is generated before pushing on master.
@item
Ensure the tests are still ok
@end itemize

@item
README-dev - @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/99}
@item
Rewrite the abstraction around fetched results to unify the
@samp{data model} (in and out identical) -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/100}
@item
Unify the terms around users-assigned (org-trello) and members
(trello)
@item
Split the last org-trello namespace into 2 (@samp{controller} for the
orchestration function call triggered by interactive commands and
@samp{org-trello} for the interactive commands)
@item
Unfold every entries before triggering the sync from trello to
avoid problems similar as
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/53}
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.6
@itemize
@item
Jump to card - @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/88}
@item
Rewrite convention for the "goto board" action into "jump to
board"
@item
Update README.md
@item
Version
@item
Release Note
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.5
@itemize
@item
Backlog updates
@item
Global properties in upper case -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/83}
@item
Hide the global properties -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/77}
@item
Use of checkbox convention -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/78}
@item
Jumping from emacs to the current trello board -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/76}
@item
Simplify the update of the help menu to avoid possible
desynchronisation with code
@item
Update documentation + TOC
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.4
@itemize
@item
Sprint backlog
@item
Some refactoring + tests coverage
@item
Fix sync-from-trello - Merge org card's users assigned list and
the trello one
@item
Fix sync-from-trello - if new entities are referenced but not yet
sync'ed on trello, they will disappear from the buffer when
sync-from-trello (they should not) -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/71}

@itemize
@item
Compute the entities without sync'ed properties
@item
Write them silly at the end of the computation of the sync'ed
data (trello and org merge) to the org buffer
@end itemize

@item
Upgrade version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.3
@itemize
@item
Version
@item
Fix discrepancy between docstring and binding to delete the
setup - @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/74}
@item
Use a prefix binding which does not override the emacs's default
user prefix (keep the original for the moment to avoid disturbing
people which already use it) -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/72}
@item
Update documentation about the possibility to change the default
prefix key
@item
Fix ci-travis build due to change in cask installation command
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.2
@itemize
@item
Version
@item
Improve abstraction around data from trello (not complete yet)
@item
Show people assigned to card -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/67}

@itemize
@item
Compute user properties part from the board's informations
@item
Install board setup routine (C-c o I) also install board users
@item
Create board routine (C-c o i) should also install user boards
(only the current user should then appear)
@item
Setuping properties before doing any actions
@item
Cleanup routine should also remove user global properties
@item
User assigns oneself to the card
@item
User unassigns oneself to the card
@item
sync-to-trello also assign users
@item
sync-to-trello also unassign users
@item
sync-from-trello also retrieve user informations and update the
org buffer
@item
cleanup routine must cleanup card properties regarding user
assigned
@end itemize

@item
Update README about new command
@item
Update README TOC
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.1.2
@itemize
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@item
Fix typography in naming windows-nt system
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.1.1
@itemize
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@item
Fix error in packaging manipulation
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.1
@itemize
@item
Version
@item
Improve sync from trello - In case of new item/checklist, the
entry will be added at the end of the buffer instead of its rightful
place.
@item
Problem regarding some function on windows system -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/62}
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.2.0
@itemize
@item
Version
@item
Improve cleanup of the org-trello metadata
@item
Videos about org-trello

@itemize
@item
Webadmin
@item
Checkbox
@item
Sync from trello
@item
Cleanup trello board
@item
Cleanup org-trello buffe
@end itemize

@item
Reference videos to README
@item
Improve sync to trello
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.9
@itemize
@item
Clean install org-trello
@item
Ensure sync-from-trello keep the order of the checklists clean
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.8
@itemize
@item
Simplify Cask file
@item
webadmin: Improve rendering [2/2]

@itemize
@item
Better display for the delete buttons.
@item
Use css for the play/pause entities
@end itemize

@item
Ensure checks before sync request to the proxy.
@item
Fix sync full entity (related to map-checkbox) -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/53}
@item
Improve the justify policy once and for all (this blinks at the
moment!)
@item
Version
@item
Fix problem with archive/unarchive file routine
@item
Fix problem with delete file routine (does not take place)
@item
Add missing callback for the delete action
@item
Improve the post-actions

@itemize
@item
Justify once
@item
Saving once
@item
Unify the saving behaviour with the delete action
@end itemize
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.7.1
@itemize
@item
Fix problem requiring cl-lib -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/51}
@item
Fix error on when-let -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/54}
@item
Version
@item
release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.7
@itemize
@item
webadmin: Add an action button on action to stop it
@item
webadmin: Add an action button to stop every running actions on
entities
@item
URLencode/Protect the data from the query before executing the
query - @uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/46}
@item
Some refactoring about:

@itemize
@item
Docstring position (same level as function definition, this way,
when toggling sexp, we see the docstring too)
@item
Simplification of cond statement
@item
Adding some missing tests
@item
Simplifying some code function (removing let when not needed)
@end itemize

@item
Fix the scan problem with level 3 (must have been introduced with
the refactoring from number to variable level)
@item
Remove the marker notion and use the identifier in its place (we
already use it as marker)
@item
Fix the :PROPERTIES: font lock (which is not painted as keyword)
@item
Improve the justify policy (trim the content before computing the
justifying) -> There remains erratic behaviour
@item
Improve map-checkbox to deal with limit (map over checkbox
inferior to current level, at the moment, we scan all checkboxes)
@item
Version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.6
@itemize
@item
Use the native org checklist to sync to trello
@item
Sync entity and arborescence tree
@item
Sync to trello must sync the native checklist if the flag is
activated
@item
Sync from trello must create native checklists if the flag is
activated
@item
Cleanup routine must cleanup the new checklist.
@item
Delete entity must remove entity on point
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Automate the release to marmalade
@item
Justify the #PROPERTIES# to the left for a better rendering
@item
Keywordify the #PROPERTIES#
@item
Merge the org :PROPERTIES: and the org-trello #PROPERTIES# into
one.
@item
Improve the activation/deactivation of the new way
@item
Update the readme about the new checkbox mode
@item
Release notes
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.5
@itemize
@item
Symmetry in the architecture - the deletion must pass through the
consumer too.
@item
Upgrade version
@item
webadmin: Improve the rendering of the webadmin page to add headers
and action
@item
webadmin: Add a current scanning entry in the webadmin page
@item
Defining log level using variable
@item
Redefine main function to sync an entity (they are badly named).
@item
Release notes
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.4
@itemize
@item
Prepare the hierarchy files to avoid problem like
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/37#issuecomment-23151353}
@item
Adding a version interactive command (it will help for asking people
the version they use).
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Refactoring - simplify code
@item
Improve message labels
@item
Improve failure dealing regarding the sync
@item
Improve the marker computation
@item
Remove the label/title notion and use the name notion (same as
trello), this will reduce error reasoning.
@item
Fix the format with missing argument on the callback sync success
@item
Improve the test regarding the synchro completion of a level
@item
Order when syncing to trello
@item
Release notes
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.3
@itemize
@item
Leverage elnode's webserver capacity to display some basic monitoring
about the synchronization
@item
Install bootstrap and jquery.js directly to avoid the user's manual
installation (the first query to static files install bootstrap and
jquery now)
@item
Simple end to end test - simple entity creation
@item
Improve the logging policy
@item
Improve the saving policy
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Release notes
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.2
@itemize
@item
Use an intermediary server between org and trello to permit
asynchronous actions
@item
Change org-trello's loading policy + update the readme about it
@item
Find a way to make the proxy less verbose
@item
Fix the loss of todo keywords after the synchronization -> no
idea what's wrong here
@item
Improve the attachment board routine to add the missing | keyword
(hardcode with DONE for example)
@item
Improve the clearing of already present heading metadata
@item
Improve the help message to categorize the bindings
@item
Improve the starting/stopping of org-trello
@item
Remove end to end test as this can no longer works with
asynchronous
@item
Update the readme to explain the migration from 0.1.1 to 0.1.2
@item
Render the sync to trello routine asynchronous
@item
Render the sync complex entity routine asynchronous
@item
Render the sync from trello asynchronous
@item
Fix check setup routine
@item
Interactive command to cleanup the org-trello data from the
current buffer
@item
Interactive command to delete all entities from the board and the
org buffer
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.1
@itemize
@item
Literate org-trello
@item
Testing the packaging, at the moment, this is done manually (make
package & M-x package-install-file)
@item
Introducing C-c o h at the loading of the buffer when ot is
loaded
@item
Update readme/main page with images on videos
@item
Replace already present properties regarding boards before
injecting new ones.
@item
Improve the current attach board and list routine to avoid manual
setup for the user
@item
Update version
@item
Update dependencies lib to more recent version.
@item
Remove some warnings
@item
Add some message for the user to warn the user to use UTF-8
@item
Force utf-8 for the routine of board installation (create aend
attach)
@item
Some more refactoring
@item
Refactoring: formatting code, install consume-key and access
token routine improved, @dots{}
@item
Refactoring: UTF-8 warning for every routine + Forcing UTF-8 at
setup time (create board and attach board routine)
@item
Refactoring: Adding ^L break line inside the code to delimit the
@samp{namespace}
@item
Refactoring: Improve the callback use by avoiding to specify them
@item
Refactoring: Restart org-mode after synchronization to avoid
losing the user's setup.
@item
Refactoring: Fix some problems (version, checklist mechanism
update, warning on format, create complex entity which sync only the
current entity)
@item
Release notes
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.1.0
@itemize
@item
Fix importing of cards with due date -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/pull/22}
@item
Migrate carton to card.el (travis-ci builds break because of
this)
@item
Order of creation of list (from keywords) in trello does not
match the order of the keyword
@item
Abstract away the query (:method, :uri, @dots{}) implementation
@item
Abstract away the implementation of the org-data some more
(access of the information from the map are embedded in the function
instead of delegating to dedicated function, thus not hiding the
implementation)
@item
Version
@item
Order when synchronizing from trello does not match trello's
order
@item
Refactor the sync from trello routine function (2 reduce
embedded, only one is sufficient)
@item
Enforce the order of the card accord to the org keywords after
dumping the new entries from trello
@item
Abstract away the return data from the http request
@item
Update org version to the latest stable
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.9
@itemize
@item
Update videos with the new features in the readme
@item
Fix bug regarding the saving buffer routine
@item
Refactoring action code regarding the message to display in the
minibuffer (ATM we do not see what is done or not any longer)
@item
Refactoring the http and http-sync functions
@item
Improve the delete entity action by forcing the caret to go at
the begin of the line of the heading before killing anything.
@item
Update version
@item
Release notes
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.8
@itemize
@item
Fix the cl-lib dependency
@item
Improve the message when an action is done to let the user know
when the action is done!
@item
Better saving buffer policy
@item
Sync org DEADLINE with trello card due -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/17}
@item
Done, Todo on "check lists" - Once the user sets a "check list"
to DONE or TODO, then check or uncheck all the tasks it contains. -
@uref{https://github.com/org-trello/org-trello/issues/16}
@item
A simple and parametrable setup to make the user choose to use
the checklist system or not
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Release notes
@item
Release
@item
Update documentation about deadline, checklist
@item
Cleanup the debugging functions
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.7
@itemize
@item
Reference missing bindings in documentation
@item
Upgrade version
@item
Improve the error message around the setup (the setup message is
too generic and must be more detailed)
@item
Save the buffer after the synchronization is done (after all we
write the trello ids in the buffer)
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.6.1
@itemize
@item
Fix the json-1.3 dependency, sometimes only 1.2 is available
@item
Update version
@item
Release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.6
@itemize
@item
Test that the title/label of the entity is set when syncing to
avoid a 400 error
@item
Before making the request, ensure that everything is ok
(checklist needs the card id, items needs the checklist id, etc@dots{})
@item
Up the demo video in the beginning of the readme
@item
Improve readme with links to org-mode and trello
@item
Improve readme's use cases
@item
Mention the possible errors
@item
Mention the emacs version
@item
Update release notes
@item
Update the version
@item
Make a release
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.5
@itemize
@item
Synchronizing from the trello board must simply computes and
add/remove what's changed [100%]
@item
Rewrite the release notes in their own file
@item
Look on how to make a toc in the README.md in github
@item
Update the release notes
@item
Release on github, marmalade, melpa
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.4.1
@itemize
@item
Fix the creation board routine regarding the org-mode keywords
(dynamic typing hell!)
@item
Improve documentation regarding the possibilities to setup the
org-mode keyword
@item
Upgrade version to 0.0.4.1
@item
Release on github, melpa, marmalade
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.4
@itemize
@item
Permit the user to deal with his/her own trello list (based on
his/her org-mode keywords -
cf. @uref{http://orgmode.org/manual/In_002dbuffer-settings.html})
@item
Deploy on marmalade the stable version (and update the readme
about it)
@item
Rewrite tests using @samp{expectations}
@item
Simplify some code regarding destructuring for example
@item
Remove useless code
@item
Improve documentations and sync the routine check message with
the documentation.
@item
Update documentation
@item
Release on github, melpa, marmalade
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.3
@itemize
@item
Syncing complex entities
@item
cleanup useless tests
@item
Namespace cleanup
@item
Building package is now able to deal with the right version
@item
Create a board from org-mode
@item
Display the name of the board as a property file
@item
Cleanup the useless controls
@item
Given a org-mode file, fill in the trello board
@item
Announce in emacs mailing list
@item
Filter out the closed boards from the "choose board list"
@item
filter out level > 4 when syncing.
@item
Given a trello board, sync into a org-mode file
@item
cf. @uref{./TODO.org, todo/done} for the remains
@item
Release on github (and the previous version too)
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.2
@itemize
@item
Technical release fixing technical details
@item
Fixing the packaging (inlining into org-trello.el)
@item
Adding ci-travis
@item
Local packaging to help testing
@end itemize

@item
Release 0.0.1
@itemize
@item
write only mode at the moment (org-mode pushes to trello, no reading
yet)
@item
simple entity creation (card, checklist, item/task), the request is
asynchroneous
@item
entity deletion (card, checklist, item/task)
@item
Interactive command to ease the setup of the consumer-key and the
access-token
@item
Interactive command to ease the setup of one org-mode file (which
represents one trello board). I assume there exists a 'todo', 'doing',
and 'done' list (named that way too)
@item
Control that the setup file (consumer-key and access-token) are
rightly generated (to avoid later problem)
@item
Control that the properties on the current org-mode file are rightly
setuped to access a trello board
@item
packaging for melpa
@end itemize
@end itemize

@bye